This package is the mRMR c/c++ version source codes written by Hanchuan Peng. 

You will have to agree the following terms, before downloading/using/running/editing/changing any portion of codes in this package.

   1. This package is free for non-profit research, but needs a special license for any commercial purpose. Please contact Hanchuan Peng for details.
   2. This package, or any portion of it, cannot be redistributed in the original or any revised form without the written permission from Hanchuan Peng.
   3. You agree to appropriately cite this work in your related studies and publications.
   4. The software is provided "AS-IS" and without warranty of any kind, expressed, implied or otherwise, including without limitation, any warranty of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose.
   5. In no event shall Hanchuan Peng or the Howard Hughes Medical Institute be liable for any special, incidental, indirect or consequential damages of any kind, or any damages whatsoever resulting from loss of use, data or profits, whether or not advised of the possibility of damage, and on any theory of liability, arising out of or in connection with the use or performance of this software.
   6. In case the source code is provided in this package, the use of this source code constitutes an agreement not to criticize, in any way, the code-writing style of the author, including any statements regarding the extent of documentation and comments present.
   7. Neither the name of the Howard Hughes Medical Institute, Janelia Farm Research Campus, nor Hanchuan Peng, may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without specific prior written permission.

Please cite the following papers if you use this package or find mRMR feature selection useful for your research.

"Feature selection based on mutual information: criteria of max-dependency, max-relevance, and min-redundancy,"

Hanchuan Peng, Fuhui Long, and Chris Ding
IEEE Transactions on Pattern Analysis and Machine Intelligence,
Vol. 27, No. 8, pp.1226-1238, 2005. [PDF]

"Minimum redundancy feature selection from microarray gene expression data,"

Chris Ding, and Hanchuan Peng,
Journal of Bioinformatics and Computational Biology,
Vol. 3, No. 2, pp.185-205, 2005. [PDF]


Notes: This mrmr package makes use of the GNU getline function and some number sorting functions of Numerical Recipe book. Please refer to these work appropriately.
 
